e
[Music]
think IAM
you noed
memory look how far you've come
[Music]
Pony
been but when you came home you still
[Music]
you I wish I could you
[Applause]
[Music]
do you feel so
s about
hello Baron you're you know me
[Music]
scar
I do you feel so away
[Music]
so the princess of friendship wants you
and I to be friends
again I know weird right I don't
understand did something happened to you
after I left for magic school what no I
don't see what that has to do with
anything
why would you even ask that
[Music]
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
step
and you
[Music]
dream
in are gone forever
my
dear please
[Music]
come the on the be your
guide oh yeah
stray from
home for a new
[Music]
Le that
one night Twilight Sparkle the princess
of friendship was in the Canterlot
Library looking for an important
scroll this place is a [__] pig thigh
who organized
this suddenly Spike her friend Dragon
tro it into
view you're the dumb kind who organized
this place
Twilight Sparkle brought out a book
Spike got excited when he realized it
was a book about the Power
Ponies that's enough back talking to me
I to be the one okay thank you thank you
thank you thank you that's enough back
talk back talking you to
me that's enough back back talking you
to
me that's enough
wait wait a minute I can fix
this can I
I
fix
wait
wait where did it oh wait I have it no
it's
fine so many dummies see your Pony
hopping in try to hop in the pony ready
to poke you out you bring out the de
poke him back dummy thinks you're going
to take on the D sacrifice the pony and
cry but no you are the tricky one you're
not going to touch the D but hop in the
pony the little kid tries to use the
potato brain oh I'm going to sacrifice
the pawn you take on the Free Pawn but
my pony hops in double attack and I win
poop on the kitty this is the way give
him the cookies you counter attack he
tries to run away way I never wanted
your cookies I wanted the chicken
lollipop nobody can save the
lollipop okay hello everyone hello
everyone hello hello
everyone oh today we're the stream to
they were the streamers and uh where's
my Firefox okay
um hello I don't know if anyone knows
this but I'm making the teab of uh
making the tab of futuristic slag
so that's
nice I hope that's I hope you enjoy I I
hope you enjoy the the te have a
futuristic
swag um let's
see uh
today uh Baddie is not here right now
but it may come
and sometime
later so bad alert is uh is
pending that's
crazy
but um today we're starting uh
presumably uh Red Dead Redemption 2 I
think so I'll I'll get that up very
shortly
um spin out slightly been a slightly
productive weekend
actually what is it how many how many
things did I do this weekend hold
on
uh in the past few days I started
like three
songs in past three days I started like
three songs and also doing the
daybreaker remake
yes we're doing the daybreaker Remake is
going
well
um very excited about
that we're going to be uh we're going to
have the Nightmare Moon the the
nightmare night and daybreaker double
single is going to
happen let me see if I can get a I I can
show just
the just the comparison video hold on
so here's a video where I'm I'm playing
the new daybreaker and the old
daybreaker and I'm switching between the
two of them so you can hear
[Music]
this you got you got me good you got you
so okay uh when I was doing the original
daybreaker uh I didn't know any I didn't
know what I was doing at all all I did
was I played
like let's see this is UN standard
so this is this is the standard guitar
chord tuning or the standard uh tuning
for
guitar and basically the entire time for
a
daybreaker I just uh Fred this note
from and just
did and so the entire time for the
original daybreaker I was just
[Music]
doing that wasn't playing any anything
else that the only thing I was playing
the entire time and honestly that's
fine uh for for the song it was fine I
guess but you'll notice that I'm
actually playing real chords this
time in
[Music]
this
never break break break
the other big thing is the Baseline in
the original daybreaker made no sense I
was just like messing around with like a
bass syn that I made and it had no
context to the guitar whatsoever like it
was playing its own thing so when when I
tab between the two versions you'll
notice that suddenly the low end makes a
lot more like contextual sense
[Music]
Bre
Bre like the in the original daybreaker
like the low end just sounds like a
[__] like Rumble I just
like no doesn't no doesn't working out
as much yeah yeah I learned how to Palm
mute I learned how to play guitar like a
normal
person
um but there is a weird charm as well to
how like shitty the original daybreaker
is um the song definitely isn't meant to
replace that but it is better
um but
yeah that's
that okay what do we
got guitar I got given to me is a little
too big any
tips uh what guitar did what guitar if
you
know cuz I thought the same thing I'm
small I'm a small
person um my arms are short my legs are
short
grow oh it's an acoustic oh okay well
that's different cuz I was like electric
guitars are pretty uniform for the most
part but acoustic I wonder if you got a
dread knot cuz dread knot is like the
standard big body guitar you can get a
you can get smaller ones than a dread
knot
but um yeah I don't
know acoustic guitars come in a lot of
sizes compared to electric
guitars uh I was think think of
uh if I ever have the [__] money for
this [__] cuz these are like expensive
as hell one one of these days I was
think were getting an Eastwood guitar
one
day uh let's see here they have are
really [__] weird ass
guitars this this shit's crazy looking
they're just expensive as
[__] like some of these are some of
these are more expensive than like my
previous computer
but like their designs are [__]
undeniably
insane like tell me you wouldn't play
this tell me you wouldn't play
this you would absolutely play this
[__] blue one too what a good
color like these are absolutely absurd
designs I love this
one especially when you get into like
the the really
intense retro guitars
colors not a huge fan of the red on that
but like the thing is I would love this
but like that's so much money for what's
going to be just like a really standard
guitar in sound probably like really
you're just pay for the looks I feel I
don't know if it's worth it but it looks
super cool I'm probably never getting
this
though don't think it's worth it for
me there's a fun shape though I don't
even know how You' hold it like what the
[__] is this who comes up with this [__]
it's
crazy very interested in this though if
I I would like it if it didn't come in
just white but this is a super cool
design
yeah these are
crazy oh that color is so beautiful why
does it have to be like my life
savings it's so beautiful okay that's
enough of
that no no more looking at these
corade could play thatan guitar yeah cuz
he like has the strap down to his
knees
okay I don't know what this is
it reminds me of uh the end of panra but
it's probably not no it's
not oh that's
every wait not all that glimmer wait did
I spell it
wrong yeah
I I forget the title of the song
proper all that glim
okay
whatever also when I'm reaching for the
Sound Source here this is changing the
volume on my headphones you're not going
to hear the difference cuz this is just
like monitor side I have the option to
like triple the volume if it's like
super
quiet that's no matter oh is that no
matter what 2012 or
2013 that sounds like the 2013
kick yeah the kick drums are are very
different for these and if you think I'm
crazy for hearing the difference you can
hear the difference too this is
[Music]
the that's the kick drum on
2012 and here's the kick drum
[Music]
2013 it's way more
boomy it's quite
simple that's uh uh way of the dodo is
it
nice I don't think we've gotten this one
this one here where did you remove your
tag by the
way tag what
tag what
tag what was this called this was not
not here F that's a not Mark of is it
Mark of Harmony
yeah it's Mark of
Harmony uh the
do oh be because I'm reworking the intro
first first of all and
uh what is it I'm reworking the intro
and uh I didn't want to have the intro
for Monarch stuff if that made sense
like it just felt weird to hear that
theme at the beginning of any Monarch
things
oh no this is going to piss me off I
should know what this
is God damn
it I'm had a
loss it's like definitely 27 post 20
post
2017 it's not
twinkle what's making me think of
that is it fish whisper or something is
it I still got something to teach
you
oh oh
that's why didn't we get flare for the
dramatic why didn't we get flare for the
dramatic like it's so obvious
now I this this would have been the
immedia giveaway
but okay yeah I don't like this that's
not a good score that was not enjoyable
we've missed a couple let's just do
these
ones I think that's uh Fisher's
Landing oh
[__] is it
Showtime okay [__] [__] God damn it
[Music]
for those who haven't heard intermission
by the way because I don't know how many
people here have listened to colorless
but like it sounds like
this this is ridiculous mom and dad you
are both
too this is exactly why I didn't tell
you I was a you're just
go
[Music]
czy
nice all
right oh fish whisper that's where we
were here
Ralph EG we don't get singles on here
it's just album
songs Eastward part oh this website
hates this website
hates
nice 14 out of 15 is fine I'll take it
just cuz that
one all right let's
[Music]
see uhoh why don't I know what this
is uh
[Music]
oh it's not in the absence of
comfort
[__] [__]
[Music]
it's not sailing
away
[Music]
right oh this is
seabound [__]
Christ the magical that one's fine and
easy that one's Wayward from home
[Music]
word that's a
single easy easy [__]
uh I can't stop
thinking there we go there's our there's
our 15
there's our 15 I should sample these
that's a good
idea that that is not a bad idea that a
great idea in
fact all
right let's
uh let's get this PlayStation [__]
started my controller that's not it
sample The Silent Ones I mean that's
possible horse game horse game real
quick before we start I got to show uh I
got to show my tab of a a futuristic
swag do you guys want to hear my future
swag here's my tead of futuristic swag
in the Hudson Bay you know how we do
[Music]
it be advised hostile care package
[Applause]
inbound
illustration illustration
[Music]
[Applause]
nice that's all you
get I'm also doing
uh I'm doing ANM
[Music]
too me over
bab nice love an
to what was that about the CEO hold I'll
play it again I'll wait ah hand again so
you can hear it
clearly we're going to party on the
grave of the sea oh yeah me over F down
that baby Tak it all
back how about one more
[Music]
time me over
down
baby what's crazy is like
uh autotune doesn't do for my voice what
it does for the vid voice it's crazy
Auto auto tune on the vid voice just
feels so [__]
natural I think I also played uh I think
I played this but in case in case
everyone didn't hear it I'm so excited
for this one too we're being dominated
go on the
aggression bring out the juicer up in
the Bony bring out the juicer up in the
Bon
bring out the juicer dummy so this is
the way yeah you don't see the bottom
till you hit it face your ti fitt it
broken fish broken heart on my cat it's
been a minute nothing on not bet packing
SE just told me Steady hop in the pony
[Music]
sacrifice vid uh all the vid music has
helped me ReDiscover my interest in
attempting to
rap I have like the the whitest pass
rapping ever but it's fun as
hell let's throw this over here so we
have
nice okay are we gaming why is it upside
down wait why is it upside
down why is it upside
down
what well is upside down on my screen I
need to
see it's right side okay I think I just
rotated this on accident
maybe let's just let's
just oh it's backwards too what the [__]
happened
wait transform flip horizontal and then
flip
vertical uh
wait
what
flip okay
sure that's
fine yeah no
worries no clue how that
happened um let me just get the audio
working stream audio I to go to
here and I should be able to hear
it so I don't know anything about Red
Dead Redemption one or two I just want
to play two cuz
it's cuz it's
two that one seem more interesting to
me I haven't set this up yet either so I
have a oh the gun
thing hold up I have sponsored by as
well wrong one I have sponsored by as
well
this so funny
wait hold up this is funny you can see
my monitor calibration this
way hold
on let me thr let me let me
wait sorry
sorry this is this is completely
tangential
but this I saw this picture and it
reminded me of a pford and
spaghetti what do you what do you guys
think hold
on I have to do my switcher here
uh so you see
on I have two monitors and I was looking
at this and you can see on my second
monitor I can see the logo but on my
main monitor you can't so I don't know
how to I don't this is a strange
calibration issue this is really
funny I had to show
that so I kind of have no idea how it's
showing up everyone else I'm want to go
on the
stream the monitor itself is probably
calibrated
wrong I'm going to go to stream on my
phone and see what it looks
like oh not
gr okay my my main monitor is correct my
second monitor is wrong which makes
sense cuz my second monitor is very
cheap so okay that's fine I will just
trust what I see on my main screen
uh should individually distinguish all
the segments of the bar below the
loo that is not changing very
much I'll just keep it the
same Red Dead
online all right
here comes the
gaming
[Music]
wolf
right the SC
the scenery
by 1899 the age of Outlaws and
Gunslingers was at an
end [__] the [__] I don't want to play
anymore
then America was becoming a land of laws
[Music]
even the West had mostly been
tamed a few gangs still roams but they
were being hunted down and
destroyed Rockstar Games
presents this is part of the narration
by the way
Red Dead Redemption
2 you say goddamn capitalism like that
isn't what wiped out the Native
Americans
too this this is just a this is just
primitive capitalism
capitalism is also the killer always
every
day Abigail says he's dying Dutch we'll
have to stop
someplace okay Arthur's out looking I
send him up
ahead if we don't stop soon we'll all be
dying weather it's made I'm just hoping
the law got as lost as we
did there
Arthur any
luck I found a place where we can get
some shelter let Davey rest while he you
know an old man in town Bandon it ain't
far come on come
on Abigail don't call
Abigail Rockstar tries not to start
their game in a snowstorm challenge
I already missed thisum
though oh man it's a
buck bring him in
here this lighting is Crazy by the way
Miss gal get that fire lit quick Miss
Jones bring in whatever blankets we have
Mr Pearson see what we've got in terms
of food
Davey's dead there was nothing more you
could have done what are we going to do
we need
supplies well first of all you're going
to stay here and you were going to get
yourself warn now I sent John and mic
scouting out
ahead Arthur and I we're going to ride
out see if we can find one of them this
just for a short bit I don't see what
other choice we have
listen listen to me all you for a
moment now we've
had a bad couple of
days I loved
Davey
Jenny Sean Mack they may be okay we
don't
know but we lost some
folks now if I could throw myself in the
ground in their
stad I'd do it
gladly
but we are going to ride out and we are
going to find some food
everybody we're safe now there ain't
nobody following us through a storm like
this one by the time they get here well
we're going to be
we're going to be long
gone we've been through worse than this
before Mr Pearson Miss Grimshaw I need
you to turn this place into a camp we
may be here for a few days now all of
you all of
you get yourselves
warm stay
strong stay with me they put the coins
on to see the money by the
way come on
Arthur all right we got some we ain't
run into them yet so they both must have
headed down the hill sure
hey I ain't had time to
ask what really went down back there on
that boat we missed you that's what
happened come
on hey you need horses oh yeah hey Mr
Smith get yourself indoors you need to
rest that hand I'll live get Indo
son we need you
strong okay hold up
okay all
right
Fahrenheit let's fix that let's fix all
these
things I'm just noticing the frames are
low because this is a PlayStation 4 game
come on let's go ain't sure what we're
going to find out here Dutch we have to
try stay close and we'll do our best to
stick to the trail this goddamn weather
been two days or more like this now oh
it has to blow over soon
careful over this bridge
here yeah I don't think there's a PS5
native version is there I checked and I
swear there wasn't can't believe we lost
Davey too he's the last one Arthur no
more we need to get those people warm
and fed at least we don't need to worry
about pinkerton's tailing Us in this a
couple more days we'll be on the other
side you need to help me pick the others
back up you're the only one I can rely
on to stay strong right now we got fire
and shelter wait is that someone coming
towards
us you up ahead who's there
Micah gentlemen found anything I think
so found a little Homestead down that
way okay anyone home sure place is
blazing with light and noise sounded
like a party let's go see follow me
how's Davey doing he didn't make it nor
did Little Jenny that's too B Davey was
a real fighter both of them calendar
boys is or was yeah and Mac Sean we
don't know quite a
business I'm glad you're all right Micah
always ask him if he's seen John hey
have you seen John Micah didn't see much
of anything
came here he hasn't seen him he'll be
fine things always turn out right for
that boy where's that snow like this in
the west and are still outwhere where is
it supposed to be Arthur I'll cover the
rear double tap push what it went away
so fast
you run into anybody else I I reckon
we're the only ones crazy enough to be
out in this Morgan yeah well don't talk
to me about crazy a so no glad you're
all right I was worried Micah look it's
all going to work out
Morgan we lost a few folks but that's
just how it goes sometimes well I'm glad
you're feeling so good about it
where are all the others old mining camp
back up the hill ain't much Shel a much
but honest work you speak to the people
there already no like Dutch told us look
okay let's keep it down now gentlemen
it's just up ahead s and stash those
lanterns Boys best you two lie low on
this
okay let's head down
there this really is the horsey
game I love the snow
tracks I feel like I need turn the audio
of this game up it's very
quiet
oh
well this is uh unfortunate
how do we fix
this I don't think there's a way to fix
it I can turn it up on my end but not
for everyone
else
unfortunately yeah I'll just leave
it unfortunate
let's hitch up
here
EAS let me do the talking we don't want
to scare these folks
sounds yeah delete spoilers we don't
need people back
seating you too get yourself out of
sight one lonely man is a lot less
intimidating than three nasty looking
degenerates Arthur in that cattle shed
on the left M get down behind that wagon
in front
hello shut up excuse
me
hello hello friend what you want I am
very sorry to disturb you uh my friends
and I well we got into some trouble up
the way lost in the storm
ah gentlemen we can't help you
mister I got folks
Arthur we got a
problem there's a right here oh man
okay there's a in the wagon I hear you
just keep your eyes on
Dutch I think you should go now
buddy now
friend I ain't asking for
much please I
am kind of desperate hey I don't believe
it come here partner come
here it's
[Music]
godamn holy [__] the sensitivity is
crazy I don't know if it's supposed to
be unwieldy like this it might be
intentional
but did not let the intrusive thoughts
win I was pulling out a
gun he was pulling out a
gun uh
uh
uh oh these horse control
nice um
um so let's see
let's normal is
normal I'll just St normal I
[Music]
guess watch out up in the
window what this aiming is
so you sons of
[__] hold
on want to do
it we got R see Arthur
no
[Music]
where leave he won't pass out there by
himself That's My Boy Arthur good
shooting godamn odris boys here why I
don't know may damn this this uh aiming
is so
imprecise was probably people play on PC
though but I can't do
that uh
I guess
that's we do
this let's try
this go bring thees closer to the house
Arthur let's
goarch getting more
tolerable but it's so
slow so slow and imprecise to be
specific it's the
cabin okay that's
something smells like a party in here
turn the place upside down grab as many
suppes as you can we need the essentials
food medicine
whiskey how do I use my Hitman
sense
O'Driscoll I don't believe it it's a
strange one all right maybe they're
hiding up here too there's a big price
on Co mod Driscoll's head nearly as big
as a one on yours
hold
up I might be able
to oh I don't
know let me see if I can
yeah this
is dead it's about the only thing me and
Uncle Sam
AG clicking
back oh starving you should eat
something now get your strength up for
the ride back
sorry this is very very
overwhelming I'm it's so weird that I
won't it won't be
louder I'm trying to think of a a
solution to this I could make it like in
my end
but Le I think I can I don't actually
see
it on my end
damn let me let me use my big ass brain
for a
second I can add an audio Source
potentially and
say what can I say I can
say
audio info capture maybe and then call
not
there let me use my big ass
brain game capture HD blah blah blah
blah
blah and I can turn this off right
theoretically I turn this off I turn
this
off sorry is it echoing it might be
echoing
it did once it's done doing that though
okay and I can change this to monitoring
this and I can change this to
200 that's louder is it still echoing I
can't tell
okay so this should be louder now place
is dry and warm we could maybe move the
women and Jack down here maybe we'll see
how they are when we get back I don't
really want us to split
up this need to be louder still I'm
going to change this to like 350%
[Music]
louder that is
tolerable okay so first person I need
this to change too
that's a lot better but there's
like fix the acceleration is that the
thing I'm so sorry I should have set
this up earlier but then I would have
missed the start
so car let tress these menus are so slow
why is it so
like it's so
imprecise keep searching while I pack
these on the
horses meet me out here when you're
done poor bastard was married too
Jake and sad wedding
September 4th
1896 I have a big lumbering Cowboy to be
fair
true
oh there's a read function
okay I can move more precisely than this
oh I I like this level of detail this is
this is
enjoyable oh this is
fun like instead of instead of just
clicking a button and then it's you take
something you're we're watching
everything unfold this is sick actually
I could just like open cabinets in real
life too
but what are you doing in there Arthur
just let me finish searching the
place like in the middle of trying to
survive he's wondering why I'm trying to
get this sh
[Music]
is he really going to get mad at
me oh my God
the running this
is Micah Arthur keep looking for
stuff Arthur go see if there's anything
in that Barn Micah you search the cabin
see what we missed sure
[Music]
oh I have zero dollars yeah this game is
a little too real
[Music]
estate bastard shot my cousin well he's
start it I'm going to break your
[Music]
neck what's going on this guy just
juming oh did he
[Music]
now sneaky little bastard should I kill
him
no not
yet find out what they're doing here and
where colem is oh this son of a [__]
will
talk where's krisco
with the others at an old mining camp
Southwest of here near the
lake what are you bastards doing why are
you up
here we're fixing to Rob some train
going to blow the tracks I don't know
more than that I
swear well I would say it looks like you
have this Arthur do what you want with
him I don't care but bring that horse
when you're done
oh I don't know anything
else
please get the hell out of here
[Music]
go I got my goddamn hat
oh I'll press L2 to focus on the horse
jez
okay it easy
there yeah okay
boy buddy all likes to beat up up people
but the moment he course he's like oh
you're my best friend
off I
guess where is the go huh it's all the
little bastards crying off yeah figured
he won't get far in this
anyway that looks like a decent horse
you should keep him get that horse hitch
don't want him
bolting get away from me Mel what the
hell you think you
do I got you
now oh you goddamn bastard come here get
away from me wild they a you leave her
alone I wasn't doing nothing she's one
of them Orris no she ain't Michael look
at her miss miss
you oh you fool
Miss now it is going to be okay we mean
you no harm Miss
Miss come on it'll be okay we need to
get out of
here come on
now you okay Miss they came 3 days ago
and my husband they
miss you are safe now and you can't stay
here get
down you come with us
Arthur Miss it's okay we're bad
man we ain't
them it's okay normal get on we'll keep
you safe till you figure out what you
want to
do what's your name Miss
Miss Adler Adler Sadie Adler
mes
he he was my
husband
oh also is the game too loud it's red
lighting for
me it sounds fine my I can't tell
[Music]
hey somebody's
coming looks like it's dutch hey
everybody Dutch is back how'd you get
on mik found a homestead but he weren't
the first Cole modris and his scum they
beat us to it there that's bad we found
some of them there but there is more
about apparently
scouting a train thank you that's the
last thing we need right now jut well it
is what it is but we found some supplies
some blankets a little bit of food and
this poor soul Mrs Adler Miss Tilly miss
Karen would you warm her up give her a
drink of
something and Mrs Adler it's going to be
okay you're safe now they turned her
into a widow animals
I need some rest I haven't slept days
you're over here miss o'sa will show you
the way Mr Morgan we put you in a room
over here thank you Miss Grimshaw Mr
Bell you're with the fellas over there
what now how come Arthur gets a room and
I get a bunk bed next to Bill Williamson
and a bunch of [__] get yourself to
bed h
[Music]
is Buddy old pal the ELO musk what's
going
[Music]
on he ain't been seen in days weather
ain't L up he's strong and he's smart
strong at least hello Arthur
Abigail call her how you
doing just fine abig girl and
you I need you to I'm I'm sorry I'm
sorry to ask but it's little John he's
got himself caught into a scrape again
he ain't been seen in
two two days your John will be fine I
mean he may be as dumb as rocks and as
dull as rusted iron but that ain't
changing because he got caught in some
snowstorm least go take a look Javier
yes jaier will you ride out with Arthur
to take a look for John you're the two
best fit men we've got now she's we're
all yeah we're pretty worried about him
I
know the situation were reversed
and it looked for
me thank
you this way last I know
John was headed up the river for all we
know he kept riding north and never
looked back those a he would leave stor
I like that wouldn't be the first
time it's not
[Music]
Colorado this is
Montana this shit's Montana
[Music]
hey I see some smoke come on let's take
a look let's hope it ain't more of odris
boys
well seems somebody
[Music]
left
recently and
that way sure well come on
then there's some tracks leading to the
river
[Music]
yeah cross holy [__] this game looks
great for continue up that
way you think it's John you tell me
these are horse tracks for sure but
could be anyone let's just see where
they lead
so you were there
Javier what really happened on that boat
we had the money it seemed fine then
suddenly they were everywhere bounty
hunters no
Pinkerton it was crazy raining
bullets watch out for this
crevice do not enter the crevice d
killed a girl in
a bad way but it was a bad situation
that ain't like him
though tracks go left down
here Davey got shot Mack and John both
shot too Shawn we don't even know I'm
surprised we escaped At All by the time
you boys showed up from the other side
of town now we were only just holding
on Bad Business all
right damn snow's coming in hot again
we'll lose these tracks if we don't move
[Music]
fast gen one of the most [__] up
snowstorms ever what Isen
does anyone know where this kidy takes
place careful it's getting narrow
[Music]
here also this is terrify come on boy
horses are getting tired
yeah lot of fresh snow here I don't know
about this Javier we can't follow
nothing let's push on a little bit maybe
we'll pick up the trail
again they're they're like very very
high up
too almost there boy come on
man that horse
alone hey look over there see that
no
[Music]
that drun John was riding that horse
when we left
blackwat let's see if he can hear
[Music]
us come on up there
yeah did it PE it's coming from up ahead
somewhere that horse was so car go much
further on the horses have to walk from
here I'd grab that shotgun from your
horse
who knows what's up
ahead horse weapon
[Music]
gra come
on down this way
tidy ass one-handed
shotgun this is this is
horrifying I think I would just faint
and die if I saw this ledge
here it's slippery be
careful you sure about this
over
here it's coming from this way okay me
that we're high up here you're telling
me help
[Music]
me drops down here watch
yourself watch out
here let's get game so far conveys a
very
serious stay low under
[Music]
here a very serious like indication of
like
weight I don't think I've ever felt good
now watch your step this is real
slippery stay close to the
wall up this way
[Music]
Gap here
hey over here that sounds closer now
come
on we're coming
[Music]
John yeah like weight is so seriously
communicated this
amazing like just play
[Music]
how you doing I'm
miserably then it's a few
days I
know here take a drink of that
nice I'm not designed for this
snow hey don't litter on the mountain
let's keep moving then come on John can
you hear
me John
Mar I'm here out on the ledge that's
John we're coming down
here barely
see all right H down Maron he's down
here
oh man that's quite a scratch you got
there never thought I'd say this but
it's good to see you Arthur
[Music]
Morgan you don't look so good I don't
feel too good
neither I'm
[Music]
freezing so don't die just yet
Cowboy come on
[Music]
[Applause]
compad well we can't go back the way we
came let's try this way ain't you a Sor
s can't argue with you there see I told
Dutch you weren't the right man for this
I'm sure you did
you all
right I think so come on hopefully this
will lead us
[Applause]
out you see that on the
[Music]
ridge you head for the horses I'll keep
John's friends off until you're clear
all right John come on let's get you on
that
horse see how this is with the
[__] right here stay there
[Music]
don't bring them this
way got
them good work Arthur I not like mainly
okay let's get going before any more of
these bastards show
up damn all the gra all the graphics
went into the blood snow
[Music]
physics let's go come on
come on then let's get back to the
others I don't feel too good you'll be
fine it's just like a a dog
bite knew a fella got bit by a dog died
an hour later you ain't going to
die not yet
[Music]
more coming down the
hill get out of
here [__] there's more on the right more
coming in on the left stay back
get the hell out of here get
out I just you see any more Arthur don't
think so I think I just R Jesus you
still with us marsten just about you're
going to be okay we have some shelter
now thanks for coming for me of course
that bullet in Blackwater now this you
had a hell of a time and Arthur always
says I'm lucky none of us are lucky
right
[Music]
now should ride in the water for a bit
try to lose aent don't want to leave a
trail right back to Camp you know we're
going to need to come up with a better
story for that scar so freezing bleeding
starving damn near getting eaten the
death ain't good enough for you nah you
can do better than that one thing you
ain't short on is
fantasy yeah come on let's push hard and
get
back yeah the whole Budget Building up
ahead John Snow gra that's where we
camped nearly
[Music]
there come on someone help John down off
this horse
we get some help
here can we get some help we need some
help here come on help him down you're
alive you're left on here we go there we
go a you careful it's your it's his leg
come on let's get you warm thank you
thank you both this is a new low even by
your standards
thank you Arthur thank you you got any
other lost maidens need saving not today
have you and Dutch talk about how we're
going to get out of this I was just
discussing with har Strauss when the
weather breaks I suppose we'll have to
keep heading east east into all that
that Civilization I know the West is
where our problems are worse come on
here Strauss let's get warm thank you Mr
Moran
[Applause]
ah people scary these are the last
people you can tell to touch grass
though we have been running for
weeks we found shelter and been resting
here and some old abandoned mining town
while we wait the
thw hardly the spring I had been hoping
for so what now Dutch
we get strong we get
warm we
wait when the storm breaks we move but
we're safe here warming enough I
guess you sound doubtful not doubtful
just
worried we have been shot at before
Hosea I don't feel that this is honestly
anything new
I hope
not we had a bit of bad luck but then
the storm covered our tracks so now we
wait a bit and we go back to Blackwater
and we get our money or we get some more
money and we keep heading west but we're
heading
east for
now for
now we got this we're
safe stay strong Hosea
what about you Arthur you doubting me
too never good cuz you know me son I'm
just getting started once we get some
money well they they better send some
good men after us cuz they ain't never
going to find us but we need money of
course
dud thank you son for your strength it
means a lot to me
atos you okay in here Molly might be
warmer by the fire I'm fine thank you
okay well just hang in there okay
Arthur we weren't there
josea I'm aware of that and they
shouldn't have been either oh we can't
change nothing now
okay well try to stay warm okay
Arthur and the money is well hidden in
Black Water I believe so and they don't
even know we dumped it well you can wait
then well try to stay strong all right
then I want the song Give me the song I
want to cut things
we have a sausage peaches biscuits
cigarettes sweet corn beans oat cakes
more kidney beans and uh
whiskey look like everything's in order
they're okay
boy you're okay you're just in the snow
it's
fine4 celsium oh it's a little
cool just a
little no it's
fine is this you're the one with the
death wish I am doing everything I can
to keep these people alive pons lots of
them at B more than ever before all
after that's crazy they're like having
their own conversation while I'm not
even
around hey morning
Arthur how are you doing look at us what
kind of question is that we'll find a
way off for here soon okay
brother oh with you boys because I
thought you liked action couple of days
on the lamb and you lot have all turned
yellow apart from you of course shut up
Micah I ain't never seen so many long
faces I guess I guess folks miss them
that fail but when I fall I don't want
no fuss when you fall there'll be a
party party probably uhhuh that funny
huh sure
oh I don't feel like being laughed at by
the likes of you two stop it now you
fools punching each other when KO
Driscoll needing punching hard you want
to sit around waiting for him to come
find us all of you we got work to do
come on are you sure about this Dutch
yes folk been through a lot recently we
hardly back on our feet yet and the last
thing we need is to get bushwacked by Co
OD Driscoll let's go I know you hate him
Dutch he's here for us I doubt that no
you're just doubting me I would never
doubt you Dutch you you always said
revenge is a luxury we can't afford this
is a right call Arthur take this and
this is about more than revenge for
business long ago they were talking
about trains and detonators here col
always had good information come on on
and you think now is the right time to
hit a train now you might fancy living
on deer piss and rabbit [__] I'm getting
too old for that life Mr Matthews Mr
Smith Mr Pearson would you please look
after the place there are O'Driscoll
about
[Applause]
yeah Southwest right Arthur yeah he said
follow the main trail Southwest they're
camp near some Lake okay let's go find
these bastards before they find us and
Rob this core of their
Planet here's a question willever stop
going to
[Applause]
what's that tracks hores quite a few of
them far as I can tell the only fools
out here are us and them they must be
this
way you good ditch of course listen I
know you don't think much of my ideas
recently but this is the right
move
okay you know I got your
back I learned a long time ago that you
hit coo Driscoll wait for him G loud
okay
wait what I'll do is I'll turn the
volume to normal and I'm just going to
turn up my monitor on my end so the
volume's not going to change for
everyone else but it's going to change
for
me the people you love will die
this feud between you and him needs to
be put to rest one way or
another it will be some things I can
forgive others I can
forget what he did to
hanbel I can't do neither you killed his
brother
Dutch guess I did and I hope the
bastards will be reunited soon enough
that's how this will
damn right
boss everything else on stream
quiet hold
on okay this
here and
I can try and turn up
uh something like
this you should be able to hear me
better
now see that smoke let's cut up here and
take a look they said it was near the
lake so we must be
close who
there
[Music]
easy hold up
here
easy all right
gentlemen this is
it are we godamn ready ready Dutch good
now Mr Morgan and I we're going to head
up here a little see if we can't get a
sense of the layout of the camp Mr
Williamson Mr Bell you two take up a
hidden position just outside the camp Mr
Summers Mr esqua you two hold position
here let's
go I not take the gun
[Music]
okay there they are that's definitely
them home I think so yeah let's see
[Music]
him who's he talking to
he don't seem very
happy
no they leaving seem to be should we go
get them no col can wait best to get
some of them out of
there and much less fun to Rob him and
his score if he never finds out about it
all right let's go pay our old friends a
visit
I turned my volume up and holy [__] the
snow is so
crunchy you two get up there and keep us
covered you got it Dutch
quick grab that repeater and let's
go move
him are you hearing me you're going
going to
need yeah I don't know how to grab
it I select long arm slot and use R2 to
cyle to the car repeater isn't that what
I'm doing or is this long arm shoulder
oh I
see I didn't realize these were
different so these are like handguns
okay that was slightly M no use to us
sitting on your horse
Arthur good come on let's
go we'll circle around the far side and
go down that way same as mik and Bill
like you said revenge is a luxury we
can't afford yeah just wasn't sure you
agreed with me Arthur Arthur have you
completely lost faith in me our needs
right now are supplies equipment and a
way out of here everything else
including com can wait okay there's
enough of those bastards down there to
deal with as it is come on
it feels like the snow has has died down
slightly
it's steep here
careful they really do be traversing
these mountains like it's
nothing but God damn if the scenery in
gorgeous
so atmospheric and so
nice maybe I should take the lead on
this they're going to be gunning for you
they ain't got me yet no but the way our
Luck's been running hush let's just get
down there
first down through these trees
quick think he with the other son
of stay low
come on follow
me you're looking right over here or is
that ours okay let's get
C that better smack you up something
stup what are we doing Dutch I can take
this if you want just make the call you
want to take the lead go with my own two
eyes we don't have time to debate
this okay fine you make the move I
wouldn't have done that didn't have much
Choice was picking his teeth off the
floor and you didn't kill every last one
of these basts keep pushing forward
[Music]
oh still
alive this going to
you out we got more of those cabs to the
right look at them got you
[Music]
girl this music is bad out those
bastards in the cabin
is that all you
got we still got some of those cabins oh
yeah I know about the
cabs St you ain't going to get another
chance D still
[Applause]
hid come
on I can't Qui scope with this
[Music]
speed I think that's all of them search
the Bodies strip everything we can from
them yeah this soundtrack is sick as
H you recognize any of them Ducks of
course not Cole doesn't give a damn
about his men all he open snake oil oh
we did it shoot a gun and ride a horse
and kill without thought you're in think
how long some of you have been with me I
imagine col doesn't even know half the
names of these fools what else we
looking we need everything we can get
platinum R walket pocket
watch hell yeah I need a pocket watch
the bodies Arthur
a [__] look out more of the bastards
coming out of the
trees come on you coward let's go
[Music]
oh [__] there's a lot of them what do
you think Arthur can we hold ground here
but go
out I say we go
them come on man everyone with
me say a stand let's get into that
stear them
[Music]
out I'm going to put a
window I'm going to get you
the cowards are running away good work
boys back to the camp we'll get what we
need clear
out can I have the Hat can I have the
Hat [__] you
guys we're waiting on you
Arthur good [__]
news I have
$2 Arthur get over
here good work boys now let's tear this
place
apart bill you go search that wagon
there mik search that building Arthur
you take that building to the left all
right man quick find those detonators
explosives anything you can let's
go yeah I'll just take the whiskey or
whatever the [__] that was big ass
cigar here this looks good what do you
think Bill looks
fine smells
good come on
plans did we get everything think so
boss found this on one of them thank you
this is perfect oh yeah interesting this
is something about the train they was
going to
rob of Mr Leviticus
Cornwall mount back up let's keep
moving all right let's get out of here
proud of you boys all of you
did we not lose anyone nice good work
fell not bad for some starving down and
out they pumble us hard as they like but
we will always get back up and fight
that's who we
are outlaws for Life
fellas wait until we have John mat TL
and sha back riding with us and I
believe and I believe I know they will
all be back
well you didn't get comb but this H will
hurt him a lot more than any bullet in
the head especially when we rob this
train
too yeah I guess we'll see about that oh
indeed we
will you know he'll come after us oh of
course he will just like all the rest
but we're going to stay a step ahead of
them make sure we always know where they
are before they know where we are we
allowed ourselves to get a step behind
in Blackwater that won't happen again
all right dig in fellas let's make some
ground hey you see that fella wasn't he
at the camp with call
leave him to me all right we're heading
back just bring him back alive it could
be useful okay you got
[Applause]
it
[Music]
Go Go horse come
on go horse
H what the hell's wrong with
you where are you
going [__] no
you're coming with
me oh God
no so what you got for me I'm no used to
you
really oh oh
wow come on I I'm nobody mister
wa
do there what's your name boy I don't
know you don't know your name it's Karen
kieren what Duffy Kieran Duffy well I
ain't going to lie to you this is a real
bad day for you Kieran Duffy where are
you taking me somewhere you ain't going
to Li why what are you going to do to me
something you ain't going to like so I'd
advise you to save your breath for
screaming no
please yeah those guy got great out I
hardly know him
don't do this please you better shut
your mouth you little [__] or I will
shut it for
you I've only been running with them a
couple of
months take it easy you're going to
break my Rifts come on just name your
your price are you trying to test me is
that it because I will break every bone
in your body I'm sorry I'm sorry okay
not one more godamn word am I clear okay
okay that's two bones right
[Music]
there I love to ride the horsey through
the snow in the Darkness
here we are you sack of [__]
let's introduce you to the
boys don't hurt me please a don't worry
they're real
nice you found a little [__] did you
y I got him very good welcome to your
new home hope you're real happy here you
want me to make him talk oh no now all
we'll get his lies Uncle Mr Williamson
tie this maggot up someplace safe we get
him hungry don't say that I think he's
St I got saying my
friend we shoot FAS is need shooting
save fellas is need saving and feed them
is need feeding we are going to find out
what you
need I can't believe it an O'Driscoll in
my Camp I ain't an O'Driscoll mister I
hate that fella oh whatever you say Son
Well Done Arthur I'm just sorry we
missed out on Cole oh there's time
enough for that now I got to figure out
if we can hit that
train okay
good
morning H another cold day
ahead how are you holding up I've been
better
good horse don't die you're all right
boy that [__] just made my horse level
two hold R1 and tap
Square okay
having fun in here Lenny more since we
robbed the
o'driscolls hopefully we'll be out of
here soon anyway try not to worry good
luck when you get a
chance send someone down the track back
to that
Farmhouse okay why that poor woman
husband needs
Baran of course and is it safe down
there just send someone
sensible
understood all
right stumble to the door what is that
icon what is the map button oh that is
the map button no
spider Gorge
[Music]
Western Grizzlies of amberino
guess that worked out with the old
Drisco now we just have to Rob this
train get out of here yeah but them
wagons are still snowed
in well just hang in there I'll be
fine can I go down the well
he does not want to look at the
well we're going to starve to death up
here Mr
Morgan we're
okay we have a few cans of food and a
rabbit for what 10 12
people when I was in the Navy I I do not
wish to hear about what you got up to in
the Navy Mr Pearson
we were stranded at sea for 50 days and
you unfortunately
survived when we ran away from
Blackwater I wasn't able to get supplies
in well when government agents are
hunting you down sometimes shopping
trips need to be cut short we'll survive
we always
have if needs be we can eat you you're
the fattest I sent Lenny and Bill
hunting and they found nothing well
Lenny's more into book learning than
hunting Bill's a fool unless those
mountains are full of game that want to
read ain't no wonder they found enough
of this we'll go find something come on
Arthur wait a second hold
on here you're going to need something
eat out there assorted salted
awful starving will be preferable come
on let's go you can't go hunting look at
your hand I can't stay here listening to
you two
look if this game in those Hills I'll
find it and you can kill it you need to
rest Charles you think this is
rest come
along he's kind of a yes man isn't he
it's all tough right now but like here
you take this I can't use it and you'll
have to oh you're joking use a gun and
we'll scare off every animal for miles
around you're never too old to learn I
imagine oh my God it really is time for
Arya gameplay this
[Music]
way how you holding up Charles I'm okay
apart from this hand stupid mistake
still bad it'll be fine in a day or two
I just can't pull a bow right now sure
hope I can never really got the hang of
it you'll be
fine
so you reckon we're going to find
something to kill that ain't old Drisco
huh there's meat up here for sure
Pearson doesn't know what he's talking
about now the weather's usased off a bit
they'll be needing to
[Music]
feed we'll head up this way find some
Higher Ground
been a wild few days all right that
riding north from Blackwater getting
stuck in the storm going out for joh
that thing with the odris you've had a
lot put on you I wish I could have done
more I didn't mean it like that just a
lot to think back on I still don't
really know what happened on that boat
me neither
well Javier told me a bit but this sure
weren't
[Music]
good this soundtrack really is just like
front to B incredible sounding
[Music]
see some of the ground uncovered
here let's look down this way
[Music]
the winds died down too good no wind at
all is bad but if it's too strong they
won't move now shh stay
quiet hey stop here a second I see
something easy
[Applause]
there deer been
here
recently how can you
too how can you
not we'll track them on
foot you're going to need the bow don't
leave it on your horse a gun will scare
everything
around keep down move quietly and
slowly you see the tracks I think so
maybe not focus
it's easier in the snow but once you get
your eye in you'll be able to track near
as well in grass and woods
I so appreciate
how slow and methodical this whole game
is every other game's in the same like
category
probably fastpaced and chaotic and like
wait look there they
are quick get that bow out
Arthur aim for their head or neck we
want a good clean kill
get good tension on the string before
releasing just don't overdo
it take the
shot why is this so
shaky Focus Arthur we need this meat
where the [__] is that deer I'm so hung
hungry
ah
unlucky take your
time [__] that's okay try
again those gu so patient what's their
name
good shot now it's try for
another I want to see or we'll scare
them all
off I got the arrow
back where did that thing go
where are you going follow the trucks I
am you just wounded it better go
it well done I think that's all we can
carry okay you pick up one I'll get the
other you sure your hands are okay uh
it'll be fine once I get it on my
shoulder okay I'll go grab the other one
horse
yes pretty good hunt there
boy yep
crazy how the deer just stays on it oll
you sure I just need to finish up
here come on then let's head
back the ropes on it
nice work Arthur should be enough meat
here to keep us all fed for a few days
you found
him I knew you'd be okay with that bow
it's easier when they ain't shooting
back we've seen enough of that
considering how things were looking a
couple of days
back well maybe our luck is finally on
the turn seems to me we should be
putting our effort into getting off this
mountain now
soon people are still with and well
you've seen how snowed in those wagons
are they ain't going nowhere until we
get some more
Tha you're probably right and even if we
do get off here what that we still have
a big price on our heads this's a big
country we'll find somewhere to low
Dutch and Jose will have a
plan you notice how Pearson's had a
bottle in his hand ever since we fled
Blackwater we give the C cook 5 minutes
to grab the essentials and go and he
doesn't even bring a crumb of food good
that we caught more than one we've only
been up here a few days and have already
picked up two more mouths to feed one
more we ain't feeding the old Drisco a
damn thing except maybe that can of
salted awful Pearson was kind enough to
give us the girl she has a wife wild
look in her
eye of course she lost her husband her
home everything she had so what do we do
with her well once we get out of here
and we're back on our feet we'll see she
might have family somewhere who knows
maybe she'll deal with the odris for
us well I know who my money's on in that
fight he's weak but that makes him much
more useful maybe we can get to them
before they get to us
what is it with your driscolls you ain't
dealt with them I suppose H we ain't run
into them much last 6
months I guess because they've been over
this way n I've heard a lot of talk
about them
well we've been scrapping over scores
with them for Years big game nasty sons
of [__] their leader col and Dutch go
way back not in a good way
a proper blood Feud so I
[Music]
heard yeah I really just can't get over
how like cinematic and Atmospheric this
is gorgeous
very intent on understanding everything
that's going on there so many turning PS
that's a
bear watch out bear up ahead let's see
if we can find another way
around he's got a lot of meat on him
we've got enough here no need to push
our
luck he must be real hungry stay well
back spring storms like this are the
worst for animals that sleep all winter
cut up here off the trail
[Music]
good one
boy guys I just inre talk that much you
me how long you been with us now 5 6
months something like that but you
didn't expect this what any of
this blackwat
mess being up here ah sooner or later a
job's going to go wrong nature you're
alive I just thought you might have
moved on by now you want me to move on
no oh not at all just I know you could
run it alone no problem I did that for a
long time I'm done with it I always
wondering if someone's going to kill you
in your sleep I still wonder that most
nights I reckon you're okay this suits
me sure I could fall in with another
gang but Dutch
you
know Dutch is different oh yes Dutch is
certainly different he treats me Fair
most of you do and for a fellow with a
black father and an Indian mother that
ain't normally the case
well we need you now more than ever
good and how long have you been with
these boys you run off
me 20 of years something like that since
I was a boy 20 years
yeah you taught me to
read John too taugh me a few other
things him and Hosea huh I'm sure do
saved me saved most of us that's why we
need to stick by him through this he
always sees us right
[Music]
how's that new horse he's all right
he'll do for
now I appreciate you let me take TAA the
other night she's a strong one it's been
as hard on the horses as on the rest of
us I don't know what Dutch would do if
something happened to the count same
with Bill and brown Jack he's a drunk
miserable bastard but that tree is gone
he loves that horse huh
I hope they all make it I tried to ride
the count once that tree's gone too [__]
me faster than a bull won't take nobody
but him
[Music]
I'm going to hit time over
here brought some food back
boys come on let's get these over to
Pearson oh thank you for showing me how
to use the bat properly I only showed
you a little takes a lifetime of
practice to
master
whoa Charles the strongest person in the
universe pushed pushed Arthur back with
one
finger well well
well what a surprise you find a camp rat
loitering around in a kitchen is that
any way to greet an old friend I feel
like we haven't spoken for days I do my
utmost to a V he loves me really it's
his sad way of showing affection no it
isn't now shoot get
lost see you J later see you got on just
fine Charles is a Wonder have a drink
boys you earned
it Jesus what is that Navy rum sir it's
the only thing the only
thing keeps you saying it does yes seems
to have done a treat on you you go rest
that hand Charles we'll be fine in a few
days is you mind helping me with the
skinning Mr Morgan it's easier if we do
it together you going get to skin
you you're always one with the jokes
aren't you come on this really isn't a
job for a man with a burnt hand I'll see
you both later you skin that one you
dumped on the floor
there was there anywhere else to dump
it huh
not too bad Mr Morgan yeah yeah always
said you were a butcher you know you
could trade these or sell these in
pretty much any town if you're looking
to make a legitimate bit of money of
course right now I'm just looking to get
off this mountain alive well if you
catch anything else you bring it to me
sure thank you Mr Morgan heck Arthur
Morgan's first decent bit of hunting
after all these years
well we're on the run now everyone's got
to do their bit to survive they skin
those really fast good stew folk need it
it's been a tough few
[Music]
days he here specialized bad few
weeks Dutch being Dutch he's is busy
making plans and Dutch being Dutch those
plans involve robbery and
dreams I thought you was reading him his
last riots now I see you're introducing
him to your other passion I'll mind you
to show me some respect Mr Morgan mind
way Reverend you're still here
then I owe you
and you'll pay me but for the moment
just
rest
parthy I think it's time for the train
want me to come of course I do but look
at you I was always ugly Dutch it's just
a scratch don't lie still son BL Abigail
B Jackie the boy wanted to see you
John he see me now or what's left of
me what about you guess I was hoping to
see a corpse B your time you'll see
plenty of them you're a rotten man John
Marson he is an idiot Abigail we all
know it now Railway men bill now you
ride ahead and set the charge at the
water tower just before the tunnel ain't
a problem why are we doing this
weather's breaking we could leave I I
thought we was lying low yeah come on
what do you want from me josea I just
don't want any more folks to die Dutch
we're living Hosea we're living look at
me we're living even you but we need
money everything we have in blackwat you
fancy heading back there
no listen Dutch I ain't trying to
undermine you I just I just want to
stick to the plan which was to lie low
then head back out west now suddenly
we're about to rob a train what choice
have we got Leviticus cornwall's no joke
Duty who is Leviticus Cornwall he's the
big Railway mag magnet sugar dealer oil
man well how good for him sounds like he
has more than enough to share Dutch
gentlemen it is time to make something
of ourselves get your horses ready we
have a train to
[Music]
Rob I know this
one all right let's head
out here Mir
[Music]
[Applause]
right okay gentlemen listen up all of
you according to the information so
kindly provided to us by the odris the
train will be coming north from Big
Valley we're going to pick it off after
it crosses the border into the
Grizzlies there's a rais spot there that
should give us good Vantage Charles
you'll keep look out for any out Riders
how's that hand by the way I'll be fine
good I'll take the driver and engineer
then run Point Lenny and Javier you two
take the front cars deal with any guards
Arthur and Micah you head straight for
the back that's what we're after Mr
cornwall's private car you and me Morgan
great have you got a problem with that
not if you keep your head for once you
worry about yourself huh
enough have sorry I just have to ask the
question what I just have to ask the
question how are
like how are like these guys cuz was
evident from some of the other
conversations how are these guys like
less racist than some Modern
Americans it's just a question I have to
ask
like how these guys like less racist
than the
administration the tracks we're going to
need to move
fast is everyone clear on what they're
doing yep Crystal yes boss good now come
on let's
[Music]
ride as it a video game I just played
disco alium where everyone's racist
[Music]
out of the snow finally feels good
doesn't it but we need to get this done
fast now it's th before anyone gets up
here after
us oh look at you boys see this is what
I call a crew M Bell Charles Smith
Arthur Morgan
javiera and what about young Lenny here
always the first man on his horse
D just happy we're back at him Dutch you
sure you're ready for this kid of course
I'm ready just stay come keep your eyes
short that goes for all of you no
mistakes not again that is gorgeous so
we do this then we go back to Blackwater
to collect how many times you going to
ask the same question M that's a lot of
damn money to leave sitting for too long
it would be crazy to go back there now
the place will be swarming with
pinkertons we go back when I say we go
back and that's the end of it the
money's safe you'll just have to trust
me and if the O'Driscoll are right
there'll be a stack of railroad bonds on
this train good money once we work out
how to cash them now everyone shut up
and get your mind on the job at hand
come on
there's a water tower hold up here on
the
ridge
whoa is Bill there yeah you want to head
down see how he's getting on
okay all right I need to take my horse
no
how you getting on yeah I'm okay you
sure of course can I help a
little all right go ahead and set up the
Detonator by those rocks over there okay
sure now just unspool the wire and then
attach it to said detonator
okay this is good oh all right that
should do it you head back up to the
others I got it from
here have to say I'm rather looking
forward to this just be ready to move
quick and remember the plan all of you
again how does it look this like good
for a PS4 game
what's going on he says all fine we'll
soon find
out everything okay I think
so okay cover your faces train should be
here any minute now
gentlemen it's
time good luck all of you you all know
what to
do here we go
[Music]
[__] no what God oh you've got to be
kidding me where did you find that [__]
you said it was fine my fault come on
you're pathetic you know that
[Music]
uh this is going to be
fun here we go
hey down
here pull me
up help I've got you now stop
yelling
help yeah you're
okay now let's go sow this s
down where's
jaier he fell the others will get him
let's go
come on we need to stop this
train there's another guard up ahead you
want me to take
[Music]
him I'll go you cover me
okay we got TR I I was supposed
to D we being robed who's got a shot on
them
or baby are Wasing no it definitely
was
you come on let's get to the
front got to say I love shooting
people we moving
up stop getting in the
way how the hell this
happen go send you to
H you all right yeah I'm good what the
hell was Bill doing what do you mean
that well I hooked up the wire but we
won't mention
that we got to hurry we have to stop
this train that's what we're doing
kid you don't rob a the cornball train
bastard that's far
enough how you doing there I'm going up
I'm we have to stop this
train I'm understanding how the combat
works now it is supposed to If We Don't
Stop This Train soon the other boys will
never catch us I know just stay
calm
oh you got him I ain't got a clear shot
[Music]
throw them
off the Polar Express guy is fighting
back get more guards coming out of that
train car
[Applause]
ah
what what
happened oh Lenny has
died
Lenny
Bubby skill
issue [__] more guards coming out of
that train
car there better be some money at the
end of this all these bastards must
got you need the car at the back right y
he's pushing
on
bit
okay stand up very
slowly this will end
[Music]
well still okay I think so good
D he's got an arm who is this guy doing
good
kid where the hell are the earth I don't
know God damn it I thought that was all
of
them going to get out of oh I know we
are hey that's the other boy
[Music]
[Applause]
there's still more coming off the train
come on clean this up boys I kill every
last one of you good sh K I can see now
why the O trisal brought so many boys up
here for
this get over
[Music]
here you two all right yes let's get the
money and go we got some fellas holed up
in this last car
a [__] what are you boys planning on
doing in there listen to me we don't
want to kill any of you any more of you
I give you my word but trust me we will
I work for Leviticus Coral come on boys
we got our orders okay you asked for it
we a opening this door 4 3 2 1
seems our friends have gone
death wake them up a
little rapidly fire up Mr Williamson
give Mr Morgan and Mr Smith some
Dynamite you two boys go blow that door
open
now don't matter too much to us but you
boys in there might want to take a step
back seems good enough now light the
fuse here we
go unless you got a Death Wish yeah back
fell
all right come on just's walk on out
here we don't want to kill you my we
just want to Rob your
boss get on up there search that
train look at this place place it's like
a palace now I've seen everything oh you
two got the safe I'll search the rest oh
yes should be easy as
cake you're just going to stand there
kid pour me some Brandy will you I'm
parched shut up me and Arthur did all
the work yeah kid did good didn't see
you rushing to jump on that train he's
King I'll give you
that okay let's see if we can get this
open be over soon come
on come
on get in
there there see that's how it's
done [__] just a pile of papers BN I
don't think so here make yourself useful
at least we all know you can read give
me those
railroad contracts invoices blah blah
blah you got anything not really sugar
imports from the Spanish West Indies a
lot of sugar some fancy new boties
ordered from
Europe I am not robbing another boat as
long as I
live someone had a bad boat
job no this and
cabinets come on let's hurry this along
boys I think I got him nice thank God
come
on get back to the game
are you done in
there what did you find
these bonds they worth anything oh sure
bearer bonds I think we can probably
sell these pretty easily well done now
would you get rid of all of this the
train yeah get it out of here what about
them what do you think I don't know it's
up to you kill them leave them here take
them with you on the train just make
sure they don't send no folk after us
okay see you back at Camp when you get
back we'll be moving on the rest are you
let's
ride these are Aristocrats
right okay get on the train quick all of
you any bright ideas I kill all three of
you so
behave come on move we won't tell a soul
I
swear get a move
on they [__] not
I can take the
candy I can't carry more of this item
I don't know why I'm going this
way just want to see if there's anything
to get but not really
what
for Lord's sake put that book away and
go
help mared
B so we getting out of this hell hole
we're going to try weather seems stable
and we just robbed the Leviticus
Cornwall train we got money in our
pockets the worst is behind us gentlemen
so the question is where now I know this
country a little I told you we should
set up camp in horseshoe Overlook near
Valentine we'll be able to hide out
there no problem as long as we keep our
noses clean well then let's go clean
noses and everything else Arthur you're
in that one bring Hosea I know you two
like to talk about the good old days and
what's going wrong with Old Dutch shut
up and go do your job
[Music]
oh
yeah that's that [__]
[Music]
[Applause]
got to love when a video game is a
better Hollywood Blockbuster than a
Hollywood
[Music]
Blockbuster Lenny Micah get over here
yes boss you two ride up ahead make sure
there's no surprises we've had enough of
those me with the boy just go come on
kid you can buy me a
[Music]
whiskey yeah
let's get going I want to be there
before
nightfall oh it's
[Music]
beautiful get us out the
stream got to keep us moving but
Cal a [__]
okay let's take a look you all right
back there does everything look all
right well what's going on ah I broke
the goddamn wheel all right let's get it
fixed you need help I reckon we can
handle
it all right Charles you and me hold the
thing up while you try and put the wheel
back on I you still strong enough to
hold up a wagon shut up I'm just saying
well say
less H the wheel up
barely
there
there see you ain't so useless after all
not
quite what you
think if they wanted trouble we wouldn't
have seen
them poor bastards we really screwed
them over down
here come on let's not push our luck
what happened well get in I'll tell
you not too far now
stay on this
Trail we'll follow the river then cut
left
Inland so yes the Indians in these parts
got sold a very raw
deal this is the heartlands we're going
to Good Farming and Grayson Country they
lost it all stolen clean away from them
it was every blade of grass killed or
HED up to the reservations in the middle
of nowhere and how's that different from
from anywhere else well maybe it's not I
just heard some of the army out here was
particularly uh unpleasant about it
unpleasant how do you rob and kill
people pleasantly we don't spider
Dutch's talk I fear I was perhaps trying
to simplify something more complicated
for the benefit of our blockheaded
driver here hey don't blame it on me
never forget yeah this here's a con man
Charles born and bred just cuz it sounds
fancy don't mean he knows a damn thing
about what he's talking
about
so what happened to your
trap I don't even know if I have one at
least it's not that I can
remember my father was a colored man he
told me he lived with our people for a
while a number of free men did but when
we we were forced to move from our lands
the three of us
fled I was too young to really remember
much my whole life I've been on the
run a couple years later sure everyone
knows mother took us somewhere we never
saw her again we drifted around hi he
was a very sad man hold
on B you w't be on the call
yeah didn't NOA do with the soundtrack
for one of the Devil May Cry
games okay B is
coming holy [__] that's so loud to
me girl okay that one's fine but please
don't play any loud loud sound boards
because I have my volume up a million
per to play this
game here I can stream it from here for
you it should be
fine that one was fine it was quite
enough and the drink had a mean hold on
him round 13 I just took off on my own
that was about the age we found young
Arthur here wait why is it so much
louder for me all of a sudden
let me just turn it down I don't know if
it's louder for everyone else or it's
just for me being in call suddenly made
it
louder maybe a little older a Wilder
delinquent you never did see but he
learned fast not as fast as Maron
apparently wait I don't understand
what's the problem problem between you
two
Arthur it's a long
story we still heading the right way
that depends are we still heading west
in search of Fortune and Repose in
virgin forests as we plan no are we
heading in the correct direction on our
desperate escape from the law eastwards
down the mountains yes I believe so you
know this area a little I through a
couple of times there's a livestock Town
not too far from here called Valentine
Cowboys Outlaws working girls our kind
of place Drisco probably them too
Pinkerton let's hope not and this place
we're going wait what's it called again
horseshoe Overlook it's a good place to
lie low it'll do for now and how low do
you think Dutch is really going to lie
it's just you know maybe it's me who's
changed not him but we kept telling him
that fairy job didn't feel right you and
me had a real lead in Blackwater that
could have worked out maybe it just
isn't like Dutch to lose his head like
that things go wrong sometimes people
die it's the way it is always has been
he always Dutch we've all been in this
line of work a long time and we're still
here so I figure we must have got it
right a hell a lot more than we got it
wrong I'm sorry I know this is the only
thing I can say but God damn this game
is beautiful just some Yaro and Jen sing
good for the health better than that
stuff you buy in the store yeah you can
have all this I'm at the point where I
can do it with my eyes closed oh okay
thank
[Music]
you do you tend to play games with the
husbands for this
stream Arthur's not my type
[Music]
this game came out in 2018 I was
five don't say that what are you saying
to
me what what am I do what's
happening where am
[Music]
I so you're six
yeah for for your sake I hope you're
joking cuz if uh what is what is what is
the math um there's you can't do this
there's no way you're
seven wait a 12 sorry I can math Tony B
gaset
[Music]
me I'll ride you over face the wrath of
my Ford F-150 you piece of [__] I'm
coming for
[Music]
you there you are brother head in there
you follow the track for a bit
[Music]
thanks hey slow up I'll jump
on okay let's
go any trouble getting in here Javier
nope it went well this is a good spot
excellent I think this will work for us
Arthur for now anyway
how many times have I said it but this
game is gorgeous that's all I can say
it's all the commentary I have home
sweet
home you weren't wrong Hosea this place
we are perfect I hope so
gentlemen we have survived for now now
it is time to
prosper Arthur and I were about to
prosper in Blackwater we were on to
something big then Micah got you all
excited about that faery and here we are
we have all made mistakes over the years
Hosea every last one of us but I kept us
together kept us alive kept the nooses
off our
neck I guess I'm just worried I ain't
got that long Dutch I want folks safe
before I go me too and now we are stuck
east of the Grizzlies and out of money
and a long way from our dream of Virgin
land in the west I know my brother but
we are safe we make a bit of money here
then we move again head out around them
be west of Uncle Sam in a few months buy
some land I hope
so would you just look around you
this world has its
consolations gentlemen I'm going to head
into the local town and uh you know see
if I can strike up a little business of
course ha Strauss I prefer Robin Banks
to Usery seems more dignified somehow
now everyone put your tools down for a
moment come on gather around quickly now
I know that things have been tough but
we are safe now and we are far too poor
so it is time for everyone to get to
work get to work but stay out of trouble
remember we are itinerant workers laid
off when they shut down our Factory to
the north now get out there and see what
you can find Uncle Reverend Swanson no
more passengers it is time for everyone
to earn their keep there is a town a
little way down the track Nam of
Valentine livestock town all mud and
morons if I remember right that seems a
decent place to start and uh we need
food real food that means every day one
of you and remember whatever it is that
you find the camp gets its
slice now be sensible out
there now the girls have your tent ready
Mr Morgan come with me you two will be
be ready shortly we put you over here
I'm sure everything will be fine Miss
Grim it should be most of your stuff
from Blackwater got saved everything
apart from my money oh don't remind me
well we can always make more money we're
going to have to miss Jackson I've seen
[__] with more common sense than you do
it
properly very tra
[Music]
it's really difficult to think of these
people as like characters and not real
people got off the
Mountain Road East into some pretty
enough country called the
heartlands he've been this far east in
many a
year Dutch seems a little better his
eyes are sparkling once more and I can
see he's thinking a little clearer I
think we all feel a little
happier Des spite of black water in that
whole
mess
Arthur Jose
quite a day let's hope so there's a
bunch of the boys already in Valentine
Bill Charles and Javier and Swanson
found something down at the train
station by the lake apparently and
Strauss came back with that creepy
little smile on his face I'm sure
there's a whole list of unfortunates
he's forced money
upon thank you and you I'm going to read
a book
damn so much stuff
okay slightly damages Health
core oh Arthur my boy my dear boy what's
going on
nothing nothing at all for the first
time in weeks nothing we're free we're
free to plan our own Futures once more I
hope so Dutch you kept the faith Arthur
you always kept it and I ain't losing it
now okay well let's talk more later okay
Arthur
morning
Arthur what's wrong thought you'd be
happy to be off that mountain a I don't
know you ain't been yourself for a
while well I should get back to it talk
to you
later good day Mr Morgan what do you
think of this place Place Susan an
improvement on the last that's for sure
well that ain't too
hard anyway I won't disturb you we'll
see you
later I wonder if I'll ever not smell a
campfire again I think it's in our skin
now
Arthur's dog
gets okay so who's gay in this game
you right about this place it's good
spot you'll do for now for sure okay
I'll catch you later then sure Arthur
I mean okay TV Fair in like
Western settings if you can call it
that everyone's [__]
gay
so that's just normal that food coming
along Mr
pear believe me you'll be the first to
know fact that you could open these
books is
crazy did he just tear
that did he just tear a page
out
[Applause]
[Music]
Arthur DJ Molly
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
I need stamina what what gives me
stamina definitely not drinking
alcohol wa what was my what was full
oh no it's
fine what do you mean cigarettes hurts
me but improves your Dead Eye score
that's
[Music]
[Applause]
funny Miss
Grimshaw did you and marus see anything
when you road ahead nothing we need to
worry about okay
good all right well I should be getting
on okay
lonard
Jose how much like scripted
conversations are
there I need to stop talking about this
like it's a video game and just play it
as an experience instead
okay
[Music]
so I can do any one of any one of
these it
seems
Valentine in Swanson
all right I just realized instead of
like eating the Small Foods I should be
probably eating food at Camp
[Applause]
[Music]
instead that is ur to me and I should be
saving like my smaller items
[Music]
oh I
see
sorry let no no no no
no no no no no no no
okay yeah I was like a Harry du it was
actually
scary don't sleep
all right this one feels the feels the
best it's kind of hot isn't it
crafted
coats
oh
fire
yeah sure give me the C commands
suspenders what are you
gay yeah why
not oh those are fire nice
just sure why
not actually gloves
are no
that's sure snake skin or whatever that
is
you want to close the GI you right off
the bat is kind of
crazy he might have more outfits than I
do already we just
started for
[Music]
I do have
binoculars looking good bro looking
good Lenny
okay
hey
hello okay where is my horse
yet do I need to eat that's the question
to eat or not to
eat glad to be off that mountain Mr
Pearson yes indeed lots to do now yeah
for all of
us Arthur don't forget I'm more than
happy to craft you something if you
bring me the right
materials oh
du Red Dead fashion I reckon I'm going
to think about
it okay food is
is do I
[Music]
just I don't [__]
know I'm
hungry I don't give a damn look you seem
like a decent fell behind it all then
you ain't a good judge of
character yeah well we'll leave it there
now the Locust room
can anybody spare me a
bite wait
so it's a wagon
okay looking in the wrong place that
food coming along Mr P it's coming it's
coming should I take that or is that
going to make it worse for everyone I'll
just leave it where's my horse
at what is which is that it
all of them I can take any horse
yet all I have right now is a
okay back at it
boy morning
Arthur command your horse to stay flee
or follow and focus on with the L2 on
nearby I toel
like some sort of muscle memory for this
is is time passing or am I freaking out
so why don't we go
uh
o the Elden ring effect
let's maybe go
here hello
holy [__] this game is
beautiful oh I so get it
[Music]
how there mister hey
there what is call out
D yeah it's like it's like feels like a
real if functions like in real life okay
so this game is just real life
understood it's just all all all things
have logical in Real Life Solutions not
video gaming ones
understood so brilliant I don't think
you should just be wandering around here
friend not a thing happens around here
without nris saying so understand me no
need for threats I ain't qus
keep
going
okay that's it off your
truck we'll be sure to keep a buet warm
for just listen out for the
accents what are they Irish
holy [__] this game is
[Music]
beautiful show up
now hey there
mister all right
people don't like to that got
Ming how's it
going the dir wer bad enough last
I hear some loose tongue crook kept
talking to the law so they made food
buzzard
is the horse going to stay how do I like
okay boy let's
go was
fine a sorry boy
oh thank you this way come
on feed lead no thank
you all right where
hello hello
mister howy why so wound
up well we all need to rest at some
point hello sir
well them Temperance women are back
hounding us again
yeah it's not pressing the ra button
easy or hard depends on the person
[Music]
I can still feel the damn spiners in my
Palms from chopping logs for the fire
that is just the way it
is that is just the way it
is oh oopsy daisies
Dam P6 will have smell a vision someone
needs to tell me if that's if that's
actually happening or not
oh you can you can you can sit and
brood oh man oh
man there are so many details
they hung that fell who stole a bag of
FL from the General Store I also love
that I don't have to press anything to
do
things oh Arthur it's okay you're
okay I don't have to press a button to
open the door I don't have to press a
button to
walson through here like you own the
place but the odris got designs on us
just minding my own
business you want me to set you straight
huh go on show me your
heels can I climb the window
okay we don't have the tech the the
odris are here hold on is he like
walking every step
individually oh no Arthur
okay kind of
hold on so is there a quick way to pull
out
map oops no my
horse now my horse is is locked up it's
fine
oh no I see it moving on the mini
map
on
okay that that's kind of
crazy um
I guess it's
[Music]
fine okay so there's no quick button for
a map it seems
the sneeze okay there's a big ass
question mark
here why
it okay so I can't just tie them to any
Pole or anything
has to be
a like an actual slot thing there are
some
horses
oh come on open
up here now you go keep the people safe
better all be there yeah yeah I'll be
back to check on you tomorrow
hello get
here go I got places to be
son I'm getting so much out of just like
walking around and staring at [__] I'm
not even playing the game I mean this is
the game but
like damn I need to go outside
more you could do this in real life you
could walk around places in real life
your horse is dirty come try and help
people I I do all I can manage are you
doing all you can huh use
your use your strength to help the
weak how about you
[Music]
sir
sir killing me will you help sure one
ready for that
hello hello sir
sir you get a lot of money doing this
not much but it's the trying that counts
if you say so well I do who do you help
I'll help you learn to keep your mouth
closed sorry sir are we
fighting come on please please somebody
be generous
did I like accidentally press antagonize
or
something can I just leave my horse
somewhere do I have to tie it to
something
wait
hey it isn't giving that we receive the
true Gifts of life that are
Eternal just at least keep it the road
so give generously for that is what this
country needs to help each other it's
the
window come on
god let's try and help each
other it's not about survival of the
fittest you're godamn
crazy hello
how are you today please be generous hey
y'all hello ma'am hello sir help people
try to
what also holy [__] the sound design in
this game is incredible we got a wild
one
here hey all right there we go
[Music]
Mis oh Arthur Arthur come here come here
come over here I want you to meet our
friends pleased to meet you well a you
just a teist te mountain man oh you be
quiet Anastasia anyone can tell this one
is a [__] cat exactly yes he's a [__]
cat ain't that so worther whatever you
say how much you cost anyway well ain't
that a nice way to talk to a lady oh I
didn't know I was talking to a lady
excuse
me okay well I must say you got to find
way with the women Amigo yeah regular
Dandy in a charm where's Bill oh man I
dread to think about it
hey hey hey there he is watch where
you're going take it easy you about to
kiss that guy and punch you oh and we
have
our let's just shoot these bastards now
come on we can handle this pool why are
we
fighting we'll sweep you out trash Oh my
hat hey come
on you boys made a big mist
M me pick up a chair me pick up a chair
please wasting my time you're mine
[Music]
now come on AR hit
someone who do you think you
[Music]
are what the hell is going on down here
ID here no Tommy stay out of this come
here you little creep
sir yeah like I kill you you son of
[__] there you go we can deal with
these fellas go get
Javier hey
[Music]
tough you want some too huh
come on Pretty Boy pretty boy you're
kidding me pretty
boy I hope you got more than
that knock his you
okay yeah I got you son of a [__] it
won't let me block for some reason woo
you
yeah
yeah don't take there from
[Music]
him you must
be you must be The Village Idiot
huh all right
face take this
[Music]
stop stop please please I beg you stop
come sir you won the fight already
surely that's enough what business is it
yours no business no business sir but
please I beg you
why' we start
fighting making new friends again I see
Arthur look who we found sniffing about
jiah trone the very same well I thought
you'd gone to New York and miss all this
glamour you must be joking how are you
well quite well indeed I went to
Blackwater looking for you gentlemen
you're not very popular there it
seems
ah Javier and Charles I've missed you
and Bill looking as well as can be
gentlemen always a pleasure you're right
we ain't too popular in Blackwater we
left a lot of money there and young
Shawn it seems sea you found him yes I
had have he's being held by some bounty
hunters trying to see how much money the
government will pay them I know he's in
Blackwater but there's talk of them
moving well if we step foot in
Blackwater well then we're dead men for
sure there'll be Pinkerton all over the
place but if he's alive we got to try of
course it's you they want Dutch always
is Charles go find out what you can
carefully Josiah take Javier Arthur go
get yourself cleaned up join them when
you're ready what about
me well exactly what about you what does
that mean oh Bill come
on why' I pick my best clothes for this
[Music]
cinematic
camera cinematic
camera what
build a cutscene Build A
Bear hello you must be new to town I
have an assortment of hunting baai and
tools if you haven't noticed worms and
crickets by the front door and don't
miss the sand blocker by the back
window big Tommy is stolen a bad way
from that
fight Ain't No Other outfit beats their
prices
horse
car do not be cruel to your
horses horse stimulant horse revor
potent horse stimulant potent horse
medicine maybe someday I'm going to quit
Valentine probably move out
west
$85 that's C
crazy fer was telling me the daughter at
Emerald Ranch don't leave the house no
more been locked in up there for a
couple years now well it's always here
if you want to take another
look I almost extinctive they tried to
just grab it and leave
have a nice
evening
okay so what are we trying to do
here oh they're back at Camp it seems
question
mark well have to get to
it hello welcome
oh [__] thank you damn tattle slipped
off the mule this morning with me on it
well it ain't the first time CL do be
the last he just leaves them open
pleasant evening to
you and that guy got stuck on it
oh
God good evening Mister is time
passing getting quick folks before I eat
all these chops
myself oh man with you
welcome Justice will be served in this
town
today uh uh uh uh you took three
innocent lives and for that
uh the law demands that you shall pay
with your
own do you have any last words before
you meet your judgment yeah wish I could
kill them all over again I love you baby
be good
son no El must we will not tolerate and
try this like this in our
community Justice Prevail
today don't you look at him just run
home
[Laughter]
can I loot
It Go antagonize
her Dam why would it let me
greeter what I'm practical
where's the bankrupts
okay
WWA no
WWA it got dark real quick
[Music]
mhm gentlemen evening Mister good
evening
partner damn he greets them both at the
same time that's crazy
Rob her too oh she's done
crying where are these people keep going
like EAD good God like what are they
scared of what's going
on well okay I forgot that he's covered
in mud
but what am I doing here what is my what
is my task am I just like hanging
out show
what take a bath how do I take a
bath sorry I'm feeling like a like a
smash player right
now what is
this
oh hotel across the bar
not
sensible there is just so much de
like literally must feel like walking
right of scary shison all right here
folks good to see you
back yeah
well you know what actually I kind of
didn't I
think
oops this Vape is pure red
charet with the damn
we can like bring that back to Camp I
think thank you for your help finest
meats here nowhere
else hey there hey
partner well that was okay hello
again I need a b Bast that's okay can
you
organize I got someone warming it up for
you already just head down the corridor
there oh that's the bubble PNG
wait I got to I got to like bathe for
real I love that bubble PNG would you
like some extra help
there maybe another
time okay maybe next time
hun the bther
it's a bath mini
game well bet you're feeling all
right how do you get this much detail in
the
game thanks partner
you're not going for the bathing leader
boards I saw a picture of this city back
East they got these buildings taller
than
mountains
mhm okay so I took her
bath oh yeah the Hat I mean I could go
and see if it's still on the floor
I put my savings into booze again what
an idiot
[Applause]
looks like the saloon is loed cuz it's
just night time
now
Mr all right
then howdy
Fellers hey careful
there I'm careing I'm
careing wait until morning do I have to
sleep
surely I
do I can control Arthur's weight with
food I wish I could do that
should I go back to Camp or does this
matter
that's the fast
[Music]
do eat the horse and get
strong come on
oh
wow what's all
that what's that
me oh I
see this is insane
oh of course it is as always thank
you this controller never [__] stays
charged it's
nice Char couple
hours come on
so these ones are completed I
[Music]
see I
think
right yeah
I could just stay in the hotel it's too
expensive so like wired controllers I
think that was the joke Wireless
technology is so ass I need to get rid
of
it yeah I'll just I'll just try the
hotel see what happens I just got to use
my intuition for this game
incredible got that R I don't know how
entertaining it is for me to just like
walk around and look at stuff
but howdy sir hey
there welcome back
all right well as long as everyone
doesn't mind me walking around just
staring at
stuff like everything all these places
are like so intricately designed the
sound design is incredible there's a
huge feeling of weight to
it everything just feels so natural and
real except for this painting which
maybe could be a little bit less
pixelated but maybe it's not pixelated
like every other game where something
would be like a background object in
this game is a whole event and a whole
thing you could study and look at and
interact with
okay don't we don't need to worry about
my I fine
you ugly
bastard dra
huh what no Bible
he he kicks the botom
door why can't I sleep till morning is
it morning
already okay genuine question do I have
to sleep or is it just like for
convenience of light and stuff
okay so he's just like me then got
it oh your hair only grows while you
sleep okay I just walk into other
people's
rooms I guess that is real
life oh I see the doors closed
themselves D'Angelo is
here oh goodbye they completely unfaced
by this
activity ain't you a sweet
boy
uh donkey yets
I love the little wle it's doing also
what the [__] did that mean sorry
only get the I need to stop asking
questions I'll find these thing out by
myself hello
sir you only need to
[Laughter]
watch peace
the horse is here what the
[__] up a bit if you want to impress the
ladies around
here thank
you
wow morning D
hey hey
okay
let's let's get you off of here just
leave it alone will
you sorry dear
bro warning so someone wants a
book wants a
novel why does it feel like this person
has seen a cell
phone want to buy
something next time
oh come on I have already bought all
currently available
newspapers oh I still got to figure out
this these controls just
slightly I see
magnate only 25 in Gray only 22 in
bald Bubonic plague spreads
breaks out in the Philippines uh-oh I
got to go
fight
heresy black
water is there a
train morning
sir hey there hi that's the wrong
person this a church can I go
pray
oh I can look behind
me ow
storm
oopsy I did not mean to do
that I got mad at that church [__]
gosh how do I fix this
am I
[Music]
[__] I can just try answering to
someone go on all got your back what's
the meaning of this here commotion
nothing to worry about I'll be on my way
it's time you were long gone now get
okay okay I ain't looking for
trouble
here last warning now or I'll teach you
some respect the hard
way
damn watch it
dummy don't do now get
gone I hopefully I can come back it was
such an
[Music]
accident oh I see the thing in the top
right I understand okay
[Music]
hey mister hello
hello well I had to leave anyway I'm
pretty
sure I was curious
about
this
but I can really just do whatever
[Music]
okay so do I have
like any particular quests here to be
doing
uh overwhelming amount of
details where is
the this task thing it's just that
that's the only one I
have I gu I just wander around figure
[__] out I know we're supposed to bring
stuff back
donate it and make
money so
uh that's at least
true could try walking back here and
just see what happens
I do see the Smoke Stacks
too [__] was
that whoa easy
yeah
yeah yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
hold
up who goes
there Arthur dumbass Look Who's Back
you've been bringing in money of course
I
have okay well good
rabit
hey Jose you want to go hunting
what are you hunting an elephant I wish
no I saw a huge bear one of the biggest
I ever saw I reckon nearly
,000 my God what you need me to come
with you of course let's go where are we
heading exactly up near the Dakota River
might take a day or two I could do with
a break from this place oh me too it's
been a rough couple of weeks you need
anything I don't think so I got all I
need let's go then
so you still ain't replaced B TOA no I
miss her she was quite a horse this
one's okay but ain't no B to see I've
been meaning to offload this big sh
horse for a while now unruly bastard
where'd you get him some big loudmouth
bastard tried to rob me was out riding
so I well you know how it is I
see let's take him to Valentine it's on
the way sort of there's a decent dealer
there well un him you could buy yourself
a new horse put your saddle on them
let's get
going that was a fair but I do kind of
like this horse there's nothing wrong
with two horses and the Stables always
have the best ones well I guess you're
right just getting this off you boy this
is going to be fun Arthur you won't
throw me no he's an angel if I'm near
him nasty little look in his eyes oh
don't be rude about this magnificent
creature okay see if you can get your
leg over that
brute don't be scared of
them easy big FEA all right let's head
into town no bar fights please I heard
about that I'll do my best we're heading
out you didn't hear about the other
thing man a couple of
days they got a good range of horse tack
at the Valentine Stables some beautiful
Saddles I used to have a real nice one
yeah what happened to that got stolen
outside that Saloon in Deer Creek a I
remember now just
about that turned into a a long day yes
remember Mac went crazy threatened to
kill the whole
town and Davey was passed out so cold we
left him there came back in the next day
and he woke up started right back
drinking
again H I'll miss those boys Jenny too
she had some spot that girl it must be
pretty hard on Lenny you could tell he
was sweet on her well Lenny and Jenny
could never have worked that's like
Arthur and Martha or Bill and
Phil yeah maybe you're right justes feel
a bit like our luck died with them too
nonsense we'll be all right just need
some money to get back in our feet I
hope so you find a way to offload those
Cornwall bonds yet not yet they're still
very hot
need to be done right have a couple of
leads I'm looking
into don't let that big bastard get the
better of you there
Arthur he's all
right all right
boy yeah back here good morning
Stables are just up
ahead all right go sell that big
brute buy yourself a horse okay I'm
going off to the General Store get a few
things to lure that bear out with meet
you back here in a bit
hey how can I help you I'm in the market
for a new horse something strong and
fast well you're in the right place I
got some Beauties in at the
moment yeah and what about this one
here you looking to sell I sure
you you got papers no no papers well of
course that's going to affect what I can
pay but your Luck's in I got a fella
who's been looking for a decent
Workhorse like this for a while he'll
pay a good price otherwise I can always
stable them here for
you here take a look
more
again that that is Tiny
horse horse is free
what do I name
it chat name my [__]
horse
Kenneth
beuge grango wrong
poopy skibbidy Apple Jack unor no no
no we're not letting you get unor in
here and the horse poopy no I'm going to
get puppy
Pimp My Horse Pimp My Horse
H my
horse Pimp My
Horse I didn't mean to do
that got to blow all my money on horse
pimping
oh it's
expensive sugar cube
all right partner you got yourself a
deal and a fine new horse I hope so well
I don't sell anything other than good
animals you have my word on
that all right let's
see here are your papers and on me a new
grooming brush and some treats
appreciate it yeah all right you you
treat this fell well I know he's going
to look after you just
fine why did I get this horse for free
exactly looks like a nice animal you got
there you happy guess we'll
see are you going to mount that new
horse of yours or not all right let's
get going we got quite a ride ahead of
us lead the
way so what's this Lake we're heading
for it's called o craze run up in the
mountains east of Cumberland Falls I
just hope I can remember how to get
there back into the mountains I sure
didn't figure on that but this time
we're doing the
chasing so how are things with you and
John Fine ain't it about time time you
let it go now it was a year Hosea he
ditched us for a goddamn year I've
spoken to him many times he knows he did
he just wants to put it behind him I'm
sure he does running off on that kid is
one thing but there's a Code he knows
that he ain't
trone Dutch and you pretty much raised
him I know but it's done has been for a
while
now nobody else would have been welcomed
back that easy after that long and you
know it
maybe but please don't you put that to
the
test uh I never would got jump scare
again
[Music]
okay I think we need to head right up
here yeah B's not doing
anything it's just the PlayStation
acting up yes I remember this place Moon
stone pond we're going the right
[Music]
way that's the lake there good we made
it let's loop around the other
side yes
you okay boy
[Applause]
look there rabbits maybe we should catch
one to cook sure try and shoot one you
don't want to use anything too powerful
on a small animal like that just ruin
the meat best thing's a bow or 22
caliber Varmint Rifle I have hunted
rabbits before you know yes and the blue
obliterated them with a shotgun if I
remember right
all
down one
I got one I got a
furry good job all right it's getting
late reck we should Camp here
sure well then you
got to set
up I'm
famished cook that rabbit right on the
trail they're delicious on an open fire
like this fine by
me okay
we
back oh it's rotated
again it's rotated
again just my Lu it's rotated
again what
nice I don't know how this keeps
happening I genuinely
don't
um but okay it seems ibia suffered after
exactly 4 hours and 30 seconds 30
minutes why do I keep saying
seconds uh very quickly I'm going to go
get
hey uh a little a little drink so I'll
be right
back wait yeah uh can you watch the can
you watch the um abortion lits for me
[Music]
oh that's the wrong
one
hello and there
nice all right damn do I have
a I
don't
okay I'm going to unplug this controller
and if it says I need to charge it
within the next 10 minutes I'm going to
cry all right glad we're on the same
page
here we better get some
rest I want to be up at first light to
find this
monster he better be worth all this
drama Reading Rainbow
M and
Arthur you ready well give me a minute
coffee sure there you
go so what's your plan well we'll see if
we can track him but we might need to
lay bait to draw them out bears like
fish obviously but they also have a
sweet tooth a lot of fellas bait than
shoot from the trees but I prefer to
hunt on the ground more dangerous but
we'll have a much better chance of
getting good shot in and if he bolts we
can start right off after him can you
mix up this bait for me while I finish
packing this up fish berries I tie it up
in that rag when you're done I hope you
know what you're talking
about I grew up in the mountains Arthur
I was vir
you weaned on be
meat just mix it together it's not too
okay I think I got this
done good pack up and we'll get
going P up Arthur pack up
Arthur okay let's go
y good
[Applause]
boy we'll try our luck down by the water
that's where I saw him last okay how's
that horse treating you so far so good
you
know I was in this area with best
years ago really I didn't know that I
imagine you still miss her every day did
you two ever think about getting out of
the life no we did briefly you don't
remember guess you were still young
didn't last long I drifted back into
it she understood she knew what I was I
remember you not being around for a
while but oh things were looser back
then truth is there's never really any
getting out staying in it's hard you
know that but Bessie and I made it work
why you thinking about getting out me no
course not listen if Dutch's Grand plans
work and we can make enough money to go
someplace new really new maybe we can
all have a new
start anyway for now let's TR try and
Chase ourselves a bear shall
[Music]
we let's look by the water here see if
he's been fishing again
recently one thing's for sure this is
definitely not organ
easy look for tracks dong bones any sign
of him
oops I keep pulling out the gun on
accident well there's some pal Marks
here Hosea he sure look big
enough good let's hope it's him
you tell which way he went this
way legendary
bear track go into those trees
[Music]
wait a minute something on the ground
here half eaten fish here must have been
left by our friend I reckon come on see
if there's anything else
perfect Ambush
spot something else on the ground just
here there [__] here watch your step
looks real fresh reckon he's got to be
close let's keep going
[Music]
damn it looks like the Trail Ends
Here we lost her for
now how little optimism Arthur
well what do you think I think we split
up in each look either that or we could
place bait here that could work which
you think
let's bait here fine by me let's leave
the bag over
there by those Boulders up ahead looks
like a good spot for it
now we
wait 1,000 lb you say more or less big
scar down his
face hey did that bait look okay to you
I think so you're the expert ready with
your gun there I'm good you okay you
seem nervous so do
you I'm
fine let's just take a look at that bait
sure come on we only just said it Jose I
know but we need to do this
right give me a hand
here got your
knife
[__] ow
easy n it's too close
is he
gone you're fine old man of course I'm
fine it's nothing nothing at
all thank you I
think that was
fun you know what Arthur Morgan I'm a
little old and beaten up to be after the
biggest game you can have this what is
it it's a map a man in a bar gave it to
me well I stole it from him but that's
another story he said it it told him
where to find some real big
animals thank you it's a pleasure you
saved my life
Arthur I think I'm going back to Camp to
lick my
wounds you coming or you're going to
track that monster
well I'm going to stick around here for
a
while I'll see you back at
Camp so true Ron
not I want to find that [__] bear
okay carrot
here we
are looks a way off
H yes the bear attack happened
here yeah step step in it you're going
to love that not far now
get him back
wow give me my hat
we might need
a
yeah oh wait that's
temporary
wait oh slightly oh fortifies oh I see I
understand eat the kidney beans you
jackass
getting the
bear give me the [__]
fur you're going to love this one
holy [__] that's
heavy that's a wild
w you take the meat in the carcass you
can cook and wait do I have the meat too
cuz it's right there
yeah okay it's
here yep yep
yep okay nice
horsey we got the big
one what you tell the barber a little
off the chop
horsey
all right
boy
y
damn awesome though
I really think
uh barely even gotten started with this
game and uh it's already like one of the
best things I've ever
played oh
rap get
away PE
oh Jesus oh God no
no [__]
help
someone oh Jesus please I can't I can't
take this got some medicine better than
nothing damn it that won't help look at
me I'm bleeding out here come
[Music]
on can't can't stay can't hold I
get can I have my medicine
back pour some beans on
them oh no put that
down all right was it
here what was
that I lost honor cuz I stole
something that's a
mechanic
but but he's
dead what's he going to do with
it yeah [__]
stitched moral
absolutism but it's not what's he going
to do with it he's the wolf
snitched
y all right here
now I am a prisoner Still Water
jail California
California you said
California and
Texas what does that say I don't know
easy
there you sing California
Girls new
new new
Handover holy wow
That's
crazy dude you're fine
[Music]
okay
boy he and Kratos would be great
friends where the [__] are
we let's let's get back
I love that it highlights the specific
paths for
you hey partner
buddy buddy
for than
man to
expl he is he
singing hi there mister
hello hello
why is my Arthur constantly
singing I don't know how to tell you
this but mine's gay
[Music]
how's it
howy you making me uneasy back up that's
just calm down
comes right up to me and says you're
making me
uneasy that was a huge problem my
friend well hey there
partner hey
partner is
good where are
we some [__] Farm
uh more like a
ranch yeah the emerald
Ranch Sweet Apple
[Music]
Acres M to you to
[__] hey hey there
mister hey boy
[Music]
don't give me
that
okay hey mister hello
hello so
true we going the right way yeah we
are how there
mister how about you get out of my sight
it's all good calm down
I love
this calist
Wester I keep seeing these Smoke Stacks
obviously they're uh some sort of
landmark
[Music]
maybe just a small easy now just a small
campsite
maybe I'll go check it out why
not no don't do that
some tells me I play there is going to
be longer than the average required to
complete the game
this here Camp ain't got no room to
spare go with you get the I ain't here
to cause
trouble I mean I could be here to cause
trouble easy easy
wait guys this is the Jane remover
Frailty album cover but Wild West
Edition do you see
it do you see it someone screenshot it
it's the [__] fty cover
the where what I started this game I was
like wow this horse is so hard to
control and now I've gone all the way to
being like this is like the most
intuitive horse I've ever played with in
any horse video
game okay um let's brush Brushy brush
brush brush
yeah that's it
boy all right
could it be
Colorado
yeah oh po thing okay poor thing come
here come here okay
come on hold still now I need to focus
Lord have
mercy
[__]
okay not my
problem okay boy let's go out
there out here I mean I could go see if
they're
okay but I kind of don't
care
nah
nope
nope onward and upward
he's not on a recovery
pose Cactus says it's not a recovery
pose stop saying this this is a real
place not a video
game I wonder if he would have lived if
I didn't do anything if I just stood far
enough
hey
there
what how
hungry see it
[Music]
so up
now
[Music]
yeah yeah okay boy
you at least try to make an effort with
the
boy it'll shut you up I'll try the
father ain't nothing I know about here's
a hint act like you ain't a selfish
bloodthirsty [__] you mean
Li shut up that is what I like to
see okay I'll catch you later then oh
okay
Arthur sure why not
hello Mr Morgan
parison thank you for all your work of
course Mr Morgan
really need you boys to get out there
and hunt supplies are low
good snake
skin just in time Mr
Morgan is there any reason not to just
donate all these except for maybe the
pelts or
[Music]
something hello Auntie
Susan what
good job Mr
Morgan you could just sell them too Mr
Morgan
yeah um
don't talk to me
Arthur
Abigail what did I
do you got everything you need Miss
Grimshaw oh not by long shot Mr Morgan
we lost a lot in the move we'll be back
in our feet
soon how do you
do feels like we're back on track more
or
less yep money and food now everyone
needs to keep in Comon for sure
what can I not play
Skrillex it would have been
theoretically possible for Skrillex to
have been played on
these never
mind I'm not saying words
where's the old one
why don't you sit
Arthur you okay
Arthur I guess you seem kind of
worried of course I'm worried what about
Whole World's
changing even I see that
now our
time it's pretty much
passed they don't want folk like us no
more this the rules will be D with
you no more
Outlaws no more
Killers now it's us being hunted
oh they ain't
stopping we went and made our choices
long time ago
so I guess we got to pay for our
sins oh Arthur What a Sad world we live
in well I ain't sad Mary Beth
just realistic about what's coming
keep thinking I should help folk but
ah I don't know
Arthur oh Arthur you're the only one of
these fools knows just how lost he
is ain't that a
truth ain't that a
truth hi there
Arthur you okay there till
I'm okay warm at least could do with
getting out of here for a bit I'm
sure crazy how they figured out how to
make everyone talk like their people
hello
Arthur going to study the
chicken I've internalized the chicken
hey bro I ain't cleaned myself in
weeks it's okay
dude what I'm I'm chilling relax
ham Morgan ham Morgan Mr Strauss you
busy my
friend why I'll cut you in lonen already
you know how it is people is happy to
borrow off someone like me but more
enthusiastic paying back to Someone Like
You of course who are they hm let me see
at chick Matthews works at Guthrie Farm
he's a hand I believe Mr Robel the small
holder at pained Sky runs the operations
there badly Miss Lily Millet is a ranch
made up at Emerald Ranch and here was me
beli in Dutch's Bluster about us helping
folk it's legal work Mr Morgan DS belong
in prison we are doing them a favor ah
I'll make sure they see it in them
terms put the in the deed box and try
not to kill them it's very bad for
business I just miss him so much of
course you do goes without saying what
am I going to
do you're going to
suffer and life's going to go on that's
the truth of it I won't lie to you oh
Miss Roberts I
know where am I going to go stay here
with us
folk they ain't so bad it's nasty out
there on your own I
know you'll be safe here what is in
this least for now tell your back on
your feet faing around just
sit why don't you sit instead of
cluttering up the place hello
sir
hello well look who it is
yep what are you doing there
arur no one has taught any of these
people proper gun
handling
oh
that's right in my
face you know I find it hard to care
about too
much you ever wonder when you're going
to die try not to think about it could
be tomorrow could be 10 years from
now
thanks
okay
okay I can see
those oh
missions oh wait why didn't I check
that
ambient
okay
nice
evening have a nice evening
they're not really strangers
but sleep 11 hours what time is it I
need a pocket
watch is there a way to tell time in
this game other than just the
daytime can I get a can I get a
watch hold down for
analog oh I see thank
you
okay it's just there so much to take in
evening Arthur starting to look like
home it's taking shape good work Miss
Grim could
uh hey how are you
doing evening
why are you greeting every the
horse how are
you not
great yeah I know how that
feels so maybe we go collect debts in
the morning potentially
why can't you greet the horse you can't
patting it Mr Morgan you seem chipper
but where there's life there's hope my
friend
and we've been thinking about our
problem all wrong all wrong that's all
meaning all in good time my friend all
in good
time always the show m
can I hunt the
chickens hi
there how you
doing sorry for interrupting but I can't
stand much longer over there I mean I
love the girls but my Lord they complain
a lot I mean I've known worse than this
I was born into worse than this most of
us grew up hungry and scared and alone
one way or
another and here we've usually got food
and we usually ain't scared I mean
sometimes and we ain't never alone not
here quite the
opposite so I'm done with the
whining I know we had a scene in the
mountains but we're over
that it's time to cheer
up all of
you hell
yeah that's awesome
hi hello that a said stop being a piece
of
[__] lightting
up delete ear rate your music account
there you
are yeah
okay the sleeper
[Music]
what is that
outfit okay there Dutch yeah when are
you going to meet trani and the others
if there's a chance to get to sha I know
I know I'm on it I
promise but you don't understand that's
not in my tasks list do you see it in my
missions list I don't think
so yeah good boy
wait I forgot about the
Pelt what do I do with the
Pelt prob we bring it over
uh
somewhere sell it in town oh I'm sure
Pearson can make you something out of
that
where is
Pearson everyone's still the
sleeper you okay good
morning how are you
nothing about the Pelt everyone don't
give a [__] glad to hear
it Mr Morgan bring me some materials and
I'll be glad to make something nice for
you
uh what
four scan
rug donate I think should I donate
it thanks Mr
pears you know these hides and Furs can
also be done up into coats and boots and
such beyond my skills but there's a
Trapper that travels around these parts
Canadian Feller skill Tanner he can make
just about anything you should drop in
on him sometime yeah yeah I know thanks
Pearson it won't let me donate it
not the best quality but some seasoning
will hide it thank you
Arthur well that looks like a decent
Pelt morning Arthur hello Miss
OA all right I guess I'll just bring it
in somewhere
horsey Big
Bear this shit's
heavy all
right hry off to here
uh we were just over here were we
not is there anything over
here
here I don't we just
St this one's closer as
well I eat
how you doing Karen oh all right I guess
grimshaw's driving me
crazy okay
Dynamite
[Music]
easy
yeah who
[Music]
that hey there good
morning okay right
oh ain't that a beauty hold
up well that's exactly what I've been
looking
for well hey there partner come take a
look at
this look at this my friend
tobacco Nature's gift to us all M
focuses the mind like nothing else
whatever you say well I say why buy it
off the shelves when you can make your
own well plenty left here if you're
interested I best keep
moving maybe I could sell
it could we smunk weed every day
can someone smun the weedings for
me right
I don't have the cocaine one on on the
gaming screen I need to add
it I'm very
sorry whoa
easy there boy hey there
mister
yeah are we going up
here they fly now they fly now
[__] was
that easy wo
knock knock Mr
Rob
Daddy
faty it's your time to
shine God damn
it
English you speak English me uh syia
yeah good Foria I'm here for money do
you borrow from a German
man German uh um
M this I don't speak German neither
I'm here for money money that you
borrowed from leoole
Strauss uh uh Leopold Strauss uhhuh yeah
so it's time to pay where is it well no
have nothing it's very bad winter we've
all had a bad winter
pal where
is no
now you remember where you keeping that
silver put
your oh still don't understand
you do I have to threaten okay where is
the money go do
I have
[Music]
nothing no no no no please no don't have
money but but I have
this it's good is good valuable is is
yes I have your
things
okay I have anything in here or out
there
[Music]
yes you must have come here with
something very valuable good not good
yet
this is what it feels like to be
polish longer I look the matter I
get better be something somewhere
don't even speak
English give me the bed
give me the shovel feed me the shovel
there is there is nothing in here
[Music]
no no no no yes yes yes
yes how in
there okay
I need I must
eat okay that should about cover things
what's in
[Applause]
here it's not a big
deal easy there whoa now easy
horse
revivor horse
stimulant do I lose honor for taking
this
nope no silly
icon oh the
rest polish man will not forget the
teabag well I don't I don't intend for
him
to yes bro the Shrek
room how do I do the emotes how do I
start fortnite dancing come on boy
I don't want to take more than
necessary probably a lame question but
surely there's no fast travel so
okay who's shooting [__]
a
[Music]
buddy morning
mister uh I would say none of my songs
are inspired by
paror I'm not really really a paramor
who goes
there it's me hope you had a good old
time while I've been stuck standing
here you could say
that good morning Arthur
meing that good work
boy hey
or
morning what brings you in here
Arthur looks like a good book there very
enjoyable okay what are you doing back
here
sorry
Mr h on
nice morning hey there
wait how do I save
[Music]
is that
story unable to currently manually save
why maybe because this a middle of an
action no
for for
how did you get on here Morgan called in
on the small holder
robal didn't even speak English good
very good my pleasure well if it's
pleasure you're after there is one other
this farmer preacher fellow I met in
Valentine Mr DS the opinionated little
doter he I know the one I certainly know
the type thank you ha Morgan there's no
need to thank me like you said it's
pleasure I'm after he's more slippery
than he seems I've tried being polite
don't take any nonsense nonsense me if
he doesn't have the money beat him I
usually do I know
I
know you've eaten stew recently try
again
later okay there we
go
okay okay I S think we're going to
startop for now um
[__] this is going to be a long
game this just it's just going to be a
long
game what a social
club
what okay
okay okay yeah Rockstar
stuff yeah yeah
yeah let make sure
[Music]
my volume is correct
where am
I wait I wasn't playing
on oh I have no
[Music]
idea
okay should show blank screen for just a
second okay
nice uh yeah thanks for uh coming to
stream
and that's that was the wrong
one that was the wrong one I didn't mean
to put that
one uh but don't worry about it
okay uh we'll continue next time with
more of this
and I genuinely don't know what kind of
commentary I can really offer on this
cuz it's so much to take
in but uh we'll do it
anyway uh thanks for coming and uh
remember to turn into a small orange in
the morning in in then evening in the
afternoon bye bye bye bye